Mr. Chen, please let our Qiao family go
As long as you are willing to raise your hand
Old man, this life is yours
You all keep your mouth shut
Do you love it?
Stop fucking with my brother
Xiao Bu, you saw it too
They see
Against me
That is against you
Against you
That is to go against Mr. Shen
In my opinion, it is better to take them from Jiangdong to each other
That can't be done.
Xiaobu
How's business?
Drink tea and have a gun
Isn't it just a word from you?
Mr. Xiao Shen, the thing that offended you
It has nothing to do with us
It's all done by Lin Fan
What Lin Fan
Mr. Shen
I don't know if it's a year
Please forgive me.
It's not New Year's Eve for Mr. Shen
Why bother with this gift?
My Identity
Don't let anyone know
Think clearly
wavelet
What are you doing?
Yuyang Xianye
Did you call Xiaobo?
Mr. Shen
Good Mr. Shen
This is today
Don't you see I'm busy?
I'll settle the bill with you later.
I took green medicine, this is Miss Qiao
This is the 300 million contract given to you by Shen's Group.
Please be sure to accept it
What 300 million?
God, I'm not dreaming, am I?
Things are changing so fast
300 million for me
Did Mr. Shen make a mistake?